Be honest with me
The young master has brought it to you to collect the money.
It was you
Brother Qin, stay safe
Are you surprised to see me?
It seems that you are not called Zhouquan.
Your surname is Sun, what is your relationship with Sun Li?
Brother Qin is really smart
Not bad, my surname is Sun Mingqi
Sun Li, Minister of Defense
Exactly the guy
You are Sun Li's son
So
You also took the book in the dry well chamber
Also to that laser box, only you have touched it except me
Only you have a chance to get there before me
So
You did the viper in my room too
Hahaha
It's just a little trick
Can't blame me.
The only thing to blame is that you are too easy to trust others
It seems that I am doomed today